Hi. Hello. I just had a very important

conversation with someone that I can't

believe that I've never shared this

information with you guys. So, you know

how sometimes you get like intensely

attracted to a person? Like, you just

you see someone and you're just like,

"Oh my god, they're the person for me.

Like, I don't know why I feel so

attracted to them. Like, they're the

best person in the world ever." And then

they destroy you emotionally to the

point that you do not think you are

coming back, right? And that keeps

happening like over and over or you keep

getting rejected by this person that you

were so intensely attracted

to. There's a reason for this. So it's

because you're addicted to stress

accidentally. And let me explain this.

So I'm very bad with love. And I get

intense attractions towards very

emotionally unavailable people. In the

past, the only people that I have had

crushes on are either people that did

not want me back or people that did not

have the capacity to hold the intensity

of the love that I am able to give

because I am a very romantic person. I'm

very very emotional. And when I love, I

love intensely, right? And I don't numb

my emotions. Like I'll cry in front of

anyone. I don't give a [ __ ] right? Um,

I feel the depth of all of my emotions

and I do not numb them, which means I

feel love to its intensity. Right? And

so, so, so, so I always get attracted to

emotionally unavailable people and I've

never been in a relationship

relationship, but just I develop crushes

on them and it is the most painful thing

because it starts this cycle of

rejection where I think this person

likes me. I think that something is

about to happen here, but I think we're

engaged in a game of chicken. So, I ask

them out instead of them asking me out.

And then they're like, "I never liked

you. What are you talking about? I never

liked you. What? Why would you think I

would like you? What's wrong with you?"

And it hurts so bad. I either get

ghosted, I get ignored, I get people

just flat out rejecting me and then

never talking to me again. That is my

love life. I talked to one of my

therapists about this just like on an

off chance. I was like, "You know, I

feel really unlucky in love." And he's

like, "What do you mean by that?" And I

said, "Well, every time I go to have a

crush, I get rejected." And it hurts

real bad because like every guy that

asks me out, I don't feel intensely

attracted to them. And every guy that I

ask out doesn't want me. So, it feels

like I'm losing a game here. And he's

like, "What kind of guys do you ask out,

Bailey?" I was like, "Oh, just like this

type." And I described them and he's

like, "You only ask out emotionally

unavailable people." And I was like,

"Well, I didn't know they were

emotionally unavailable before I talked

to him and he's like, "Yes, you did.

Yes, you did." And he said, "Your body

gets used to the kind of love that you

constantly receive. And your body also

gets used to the amount of stress and

chaos that you receive." So, if you had

a very weird childhood or a very just

abusive childhood or the love that your

parents andor siblings gave you was

chaotic and bad, your body will perceive

that as love.

So then when you go out into the world,

you will not look for the people that

are good for you, but you will be

attracted towards the people who trigger

your nervous system to the point of

stress. You will be attracted to the

people who will not be able to give you

the love that you truly want. They will

give you the love that you are used to

receiving. And I was like, you got a

point there, Dean.

And he's like, "Have you ever been asked

out by a guy and you didn't feel intense

emotions towards them?" That was healthy

because when someone asks you out or you

have a crush on a person, you don't

actually know them. You don't know

anything about them. So, how are you

supposed to know that you love them? You

love how they trigger you because it

reminds you of home. And if home was a

burning

building, you're going to be attracted

to burning buildings. You're not

attracted to what's healthy. You're

attracted to what's

familiar. And all you know is chaos and

stress. So that's all the partners that

you're going to be attracted towards.

And I remember every single guy that's

ever asked me out, I wasn't intensely

attracted towards them. So I rejected

them. I said, "No, no, thank you." Like,

"I'm not interested."

And the ones that made me feel calm, the

ones that didn't trigger my nervous

system, the ones that I was interested

in but not intensely attracted in was

healthy. Because how are you supposed to

love a person when you do not know them?

And you don't know someone till like two

years down the line in my opinion at

least. because I've known people for a

year and then at like the year mark they

change and they're different for the

second year or something like that. I I

say two years I know a person,

right? So even if you're dating a

person, you don't really love love them

till about two years into the

relationship or at least a year into a

relationship because you don't truly

know them. If you're in love with

someone you have never dated or you're

in love with someone that you are not

close with, you cannot say you love

them. You are in love with the idea of

them. Say it with me again, people. You

are in love with the idea of them. You

are in lirance, not love. You are in

obsession, not connection. And I know

cuz I'm an expert at it. I'm batshit

[ __ ] crazy. Woo.

Anyway, if you're like me and you're

constantly getting rejected by people,

it's because your body is a heat

seeeking missile towards the people in

the room that will hurt you the most.

Because okay, you know how you can stand

near a person and you kind of can tell

when they're about to lose it? Like you

when you stand next to a person, you can

kind of feel that something is wrong or

that there's a shift in their energy or

that they're about to cry or that

they're about to scream or that they're

about to punch a hole in the wall. You

can sense from their eyes. You can sense

from their body language. You can sense

from who they are. Even if you don't

want to believe it, each of us has kind

of an energy field around us, an

emotional energy field that whatever

emotions we are feeling, the other

people, other people around us, if they

are empathetic, if they are intuitive,

if they have like common sense and

decency, they can kind of tell how we're

feeling, right? You can tell when a

person is happy, you can tell when a

person is sad, you can tell when a

person is angry, you can tell when a

person is in love, you can tell just by

body language and just paying attention.

And so when you walk into a room, not

consciously,

subconsciously, your brain is able to

seek out the one person in the room that

is emotionally unavailable based purely

on body language and energy. Purely on

body language and energy because it will

remind you of the people that hurt you.

Their body language will mimic the

people that hurt you. Their body

language will mimic that of an

emotionally unavailable person. And you

will immediately fall in love with them

upon first sight because it is not love.

It feels like home. And home is a

burning building that you still keep

returning to.

You cannot always, especially if you

grew up with trauma, especially if

you've been abused before, especially if

you've been in a bad relationship, you

cannot run towards the people you are

attracted to intensely because that is

not

attraction. That is future

abuse. That

is repeating the cycle.

Instead, you need to go for the people

who make you feel calm. The people that

you can effortlessly just be yourself

around. The people that you are

interested in but not intensely

attracted to. The people that you can

share a silence with. The people that

you know that if you said absolutely

anything to them, they would not give a

[ __ ] The person that if you called them

up on the phone and you're like, "Hey, I

just committed a murder.

can you come and help me with the body,

please? And they're like, "Yeah, I'm on

my way." That kind of person. The person

that you never have to question your

self-worth around. The person that

you're not even scared to ask out, that

person. The person that you don't have

to work up for months to say something

to that person. the person that when you

go on dates with them, you might get

excited beforehand, but you're not like

excited up out of your mind. You feel

like everything's amazing. Oh my god.

You feel

like that is

chaos. And

chaos feels a lot like

excitement. It's adrenaline. It is this

tension that you crave. It is

this is this giant emotion. It is this

explosion that you think is

love. I promise you it is not love. That

is

pain. Because attraction in

relationships is a lot more about how

people treat each other. Any two people

can be in love. I have this theory. So

there's three things that I think that

if any three pe that if any two people

shared these three things, they would be

able to fall in love. And love is both a

feeling and an action. A feeling of love

is I have a deep affection for you. I

want you to succeed. I want you to do

the best in this life and I want to be

there for it all. I love you and only

you. I love everything about you. And

then love being an action means I am

willing to do whatever it is to make

your life better. It's both an action

and a feeling, right? But I believe that

in order for any two people to fall in

love, three things have to be there.

constant communication, constant

efficient communication, not screaming,

not yelling. There's compromise. There's

communication. So, there needs to be

good communication, not screaming and

yelling and fighting. That happens

sometimes, but it shouldn't be a

consistent thing. Communication means we

talk every day. We share our day with

each other. We make sure that the other

is okay. If the other is not okay, we do

something to build them up. And we have

fun together. And we make sure that the

communication line is always open no

matter what. and that there are no bad

feelings that are not communicated.

Number two, you have similar goals and

similar future plans in mind. Like you

you aren't building in two different

directions. You're not like, oh, I want

to get married and I want to settle down

in a cottage in Texas and have kids and

the other's like, well, I want to go and

paint in Paris and I don't want kids.

You know, you can't if your visions are

too different for your futures, you

can't be together. It's just not going

to happen. So you need to have a similar

goal for the future and a similar future

that you are building

towards. And number three, the want to

be in a relationship

because humans are meant to be in pairs,

right? But there's periods of our life

where we need to go through solitude.

There's periods of our life where we

need to be by oursel. I know that for a

fact that like right now in my life, I

need to be my by myself. Even if someone

was to ask me out, I'm in a period of my

life where I need to go through solitude

right now. I don't need to be around

someone. I don't need to be taking care

of someone. I don't need to be making

sure that someone is okay. I'm going

through a period of solitude right now.

That's not on the table for me. It would

be irresponsible of me to be in a

relationship right now. It would be

irresponsible because I do not have the

time or emotional space to hold someone

else right now.

But when I do want a relationship,

that's when I will go out and seek one.

Correct? You have to want to be

there. And I believe that if you have

these three things in any two people,

they can fall in love. So, everyone

likes to have a crush on a person and

fall in love with a person and oh my

god, this person is the best person in

the world and there's never going to be

anyone like them and I need to marry

this person and this has to happen. That

is not love. That is not care. That is

not a relationship. That is your nervous

system getting triggered. You're in

fight or flight. You're not in love with

a stranger that you don't even know what

their favorite color is. Sorry to call

you out like that, but honestly, you

need to be [ __ ] called out. You can't

fall in love with a person unless you

know them. Unless you have the want to

be in a relationship, communication, and

a similar vision for the future, you

can't say that that person is everything

for you unless you have those three

things.

They're just a stranger technically or a

friend technically. And we like to

think, "Oh my god, there's only that

person and there's no one else in the

world." That's also a narrow

like narrow drive and a narrow mindset

that constantly will trigger your

nervous system as well. That will

constantly keep you in stress if you

keep telling yourself that's the only

person for me. If I don't fall in love

with that

person, you know, that is bad for you.

That's a bad thought. It's like telling

yourself, "I'm only allowed to eat

strawberries. Strawberries are my

favorite food in the world, and I can

only eat them for every single meal,

breakfast, lunch, and dinner. And this

is what I have to do because I love them

so

much." There's other food in the world.

There's other fish in the sea, [ __ ]

Like, that's not the only person. You

can fall in love with anyone as long as

those three things are present.

There

is nothing that that person has that

another person will give you except for

like you know

consistency love

nonrejection like acceptance healthy

love and

so a good note for you and also

something I have to remind myself

whenever you get into a relationship and

you've had trauma in the past or you

know that you are prone to this kind of

like lirance mindset that this

narrow-minded mindset of like having a

crush on a person, being so in love with

them even though you don't know them and

thinking they're the end all to be all.

That is a trauma response, people.

That's not good for you. You have to

remind yourself that you're not looking

for someone who makes you feel

intensity. You're looking for someone

who makes you feel calm. Calmness is

love. Intensity is not. It's not like

the movies, people. You want to find

someone that makes you feel calm, that

turns off your fight or flight, that

makes you feel

comfortable. That is the best way to

find a relationship. That is the best

way to find a partner. That is the best

way to find the right person for you.

You don't want to feel the person that

makes you feel butterflies 24/7 and

anxiety 24/7 and like excitement 24/7.

Feeling intense positive emotions 24/7

is the same as feeling intense negative

emotions 24/7. There is like so much

going on within your nervous system

24/7. If you're feeling like constant

butterflies, constant anxiety, constant

excitement, constant like, "Oh my god,

oh my god, oh my god, bad for you. Bad

for you people. Not good for you. Not

love

obsession,

triggered trauma response. Not good. Not

good." Anyway, that's all I have to say.

And of course, I'll talk about like

unrescrocated love at some point. And

I'll talk about limrance at some point

because I'm someone who's very prone to

this kind of mindset because of how I

grew up and because of how my brain

works and I feel that a few of you are

and I feel that if you're watching this

video, you'll definitely need a video on

lirance and you'll definitely need a

video on unrescrocated

love. So that's all I have for today.

You shouldn't feel intense attraction.

You should feel calm, people. You should

feel comfortable. You should feel

steady. That's all I got to say. Have a

good day, folks. Love you.


